(your character is the only remaining member of the brotherhood after the battle)
(you are technically the bad guy)
(two possible angles- you are trying to defend the rift - you are trying to control/police the rift)
Opening Scene-
Setting: (land2) (time not determined)

Background: The rifts are off limits for all people who live within the world. They contain worlds ruled by magic and
sorcery. The king determined that they would do nothing but bring war and strife to the world so he established the
brotherhood to keep outsiders from entering through the rifts and citizens from entering the rifts. Somehow, the truth
of the power of the rifts has surfaced and a mob has formed to march on the only publically known rift in the middle of
the capital city of the kingdom. In response, the king has assembled the brotherhood to defend the rift.  

You are a commander in the brotherhood. You're preparing for eminent attack. Other members have been in their own
lands protecting the secret locations of the rifts from being found.There is a standoff between the mob and your team.
After a while of waiting, a sudden scream is heard and the villagers are start to attack the brotherhood. You defend 
yourself until the mob and you figure out that the scream came from an attack from behind. Rift world members have 
attacked the capital and cut through the mob easily. The leader asks why they've come and offers a truce if they
return to their world. They refuse

(Tutorial Begins) They've brought more trained men than the brotherhood can handle and the battle loses no matter
how skilled the player is. You're found by a farmhand and brought inside. While you're healing you tell him tales
of the brotherhood and eventually convince him that the brotherhood needs to be recreated so he joins you. 

Basic Idea: The farmhand helps you reform the brotherhood in order to stop the threat. Each one is found through
battles at rifts and through in-game conversations. Relationships are built through the journey. When the brotherhood
is rebuilt, it is discovered that you have recreated the brotherhood to control both the kingdom and the rift world and the
rifters were under your command to attack the mob and your team from the beginning. There is a split in your team and the
final battle is you against the farmhand and you. 
IDEA: If you lose the battle that is a possbile ending. If you win you prevail and that is another possible ending