(you, a farmhand, are trained and betrayed by the soul survivor) 
Opening Scene- 
Setting: (family_home1)(one year from brotherhood breakup)
	The leader of the brotherhood has retired to his ancestral home as lord of (family_home1). He’s reflecting on his time as leader with his children [exposition explaining the roots of the brotherhood and the threat of the rifts]. 
For millennia, the brotherhood has kept a balance between the real world and the rift world. The rifts brought wonders the world hadn’t seen before; new techniques for designing weapons, advances in culture, and perhaps the most polarizing of them all, magic. Since the first discovery of a rift, the brotherhood was established to keep anyone or anything malicious from coming through and ending the world as we know it.
There were many who disagreed with the brotherhood; those who sought greater advances in society through the rifts, including some members of the brotherhood. In response, 1 year ago the king banned all interactions with the rifts and rift worlds and disbanded the brotherhood.
Just as the leader is finishing his story, a raven comes from (land2) saying that it is under attack.

Scene 2
Setting: (land2) a month later
All members of the brotherhood come together to plan their defense. (lord_of_land2) explains that a rift randomly opened in the middle of the city and seconds later, enemies came pouring out and laid siege to (land2). The survivors have currently fallen back into the castle and prepared siege equipment for a counter-attack. The plan is to use the brotherhood to attack from behind while they’re distracted. 
As they begin their surprise attack, they realize they’ve fallen into a trap and are surrounded. Tutorial Begins. Your team has full upgrades and equipment but they are completely outmatched. One by one they start to fall…
During this battle, your character (a simple farm boy) is shown to be watching the whole battle in secret. He wants to join but sees that it’s futile…
The battle ends with the brotherhood decimated. The enemies from the rift separate, some spread out and prepare for their next attack and the rest continue to aid in the siege. Your character approaches the fallen brotherhood. Before he can walk away, the leader asks for water.

Basic Idea: You save him, pledge to help him rebuild the brotherhood if he trains you. You set out on the adventure.
Through the story you’ll learn his aspirations and obsession with the rift worlds. Through interactions with characters you learn that he is one of those who thought the world could benefit from embracing the rifts. 
Just before you liberate the last world you piece together that he has been working with the enemy the entire time and actually leads them. The final boss is him along with his generals vs your created team
